[Teams] changes to policies (#2752)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/policies/filtering/network-policies/index.md

### Selectors

Gateway matches network traffic against the following selectors, or criteria.

#### Destination IP

The IP address of the request’s target.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Destination IP | `net.dst.ip == "1.1.1.0/31"` |

#### Destination Port

The port number of the request’s target.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Destination Port | `net.dst.port == "2222"` |

#### Source IP

The IP address of the user making the request.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Source IP | `net.src.ip == "1.1.1.0/31"` |

#### Source Port

The IP address of the user making the request.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Source Port | `net.src.port == "2222"` |

#### SNI

The host whose Server Name Indication (SNI) header Gateway will filter traffic against. This will allow for an exact match.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| SNI | `net.sni.host == "www.example.com"` |

#### SNI Domain

The domain whose Server Name Indication (SNI) header Gateway will filter traffic against. This will allow for a subdomain-insensitive match.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| SNI Domain | `net.sni.host == "a.example.com"` |

#### Identity-based selectors

> You can build Network policies using [identity-based selectors](/policies/filtering/identity-selectors). These selectors require Gateway with WARP mode to be enabled in the Cloudflare for Teams WARP client and the user to be enrolled in the organization via the WARP client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build Network policies using [identity-based selectors](/policies/filtering/identity-selectors). These selectors require Gateway with WARP mode to be enabled in the Cloudflare for Teams WARP client, and the user to be enrolled in the organization via the WARP client.
```

#### Destination IP

The IP address of the request’s target.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Destination IP | `net.dst.ip == "1.1.1.0/31"` |

#### Destination Port

The port number of the request’s target.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Destination Port | `net.dst.port == "2222"` |

#### Protocol

The protocol used to send the packet.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Protocol | `net.protocol == "tcp"` |

#### Source IP

The IP address of the user making the request.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Source IP | `net.src.ip == "1.1.1.0/31"` |

#### Source Port

The IP address of the user making the request.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| Source Port | `net.src.port == "2222"` |

#### SNI

The host whose Server Name Indication (SNI) header Gateway will filter traffic against. This will allow for an exact match.

| UI name | API example |
| -- | -- |
| SNI | `net.sni.host == "www.example.com"` |

#### SNI Domain

> The domain whose Server Name Indication (SNI) header Gateway will filter traffic against. This will allow for a subdomain-insensitive match.

Reviewer 2: Can we state what the domain selector does throughout a little more plainly? Can we carry this change over to DNS and HTTP descriptions as well

```suggestion
The domain whose Server Name Indication (SNI) header Gateway will filter traffic against. This will match against the hostname and sub-domains.
```

</Aside>

## Change protocol

You can set your protocol preferences in the **Protocol** card under **Settings** > **Network**. 

![Protocol settings](../../../static/documentation/policies/protocol-settings.png)

> <Aside>
> Any option you select in the card will automatically apply to all of your network policies unless you specify a [protocol](/pathtoselectors) within a policy itself.
> </Aside>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Aside type="note">

Any option you select in the card will automatically apply to all of your network policies unless you specify a [protocol](/pathtoselectors) within a policy itself.

</Aside>
```
